README.md, before:

This repo is a copy and updated version of [edsu/feediverse](https://github.com/edsu/feediverse)

You can always view changes here: https://github.com/edsu/feediverse/compare/master...xopez:better_feediverse:master

## Description

*better_feediverse* will read RSS/Atom feeds and send the messages as Mastodon posts.
It's meant to add a little bit of spice to your timeline from other places.
Please use it responsibly.

## Install

    pip install better_feediverse

## Run

The first time you run *better_feediverse* you'll need to tell it your Mastodon
instance and get an access token which it will save in a configuration file. If
you don't specify a config file it will use `~/.better_feediverse`:

    better_feediverse

Once *better_feediverse* is configured you can add it to your crontab:

    */15 * * * * /usr/local/bin/better_feediverse    

Run `better_feediverse --help` to show the command line options.

## Post Format

You can customize the post format by opening the configuration file (default is
~/.better_feediverse) and updating the *template* property of your feed. The default
format is:

    {title} {url}

If you want you can use `{summary}` in your template, and add boilerplate text
like so:

    Bookmark: {title} {url} {summary}

`{hashtags}` will look for tags in the feed entry and turn them into a space
separated list of hashtags. For some feeds (e.g. youtube-rss) you should use `{link}` instead of `{url}`.

`{content}` is the whole content of the feed entry (with html-tags
stripped). Please be aware that this might easily exceed Mastodon's
limit of 512 characters.

## Multiple Feeds

Since *feeds* is a list you can add additional feeds to watch if you want.

    ...
    feeds:
      - url: https://example.com/feed/
        template: "dot com: {title} {url}"
      - url: https://example.org/feed/
        template: "dot org: {title} {url}"

## Custom Headers *(optional)*

if you want to include own headers you can place `custom_http_headers` in your config:

    ....
    feeds:
      - url: https://example.com/feed/
        template: "dot com: {title} {url}"
        custom_http_headers: 'header1: value1, header2: value2'


## Filter *(optional)*

if you want to exclude some titles you can place ignoretitle in your config:

    ....
    feeds:
      - url: https://example.com/feed/
        template: "dot com: {title} {url}"
        ignoretitle: 'value1, value2'

Commit message:

Devel to master (#6)
* Only print HTTP headers if set

* Allow to access entry links in the template

* devel to master (#5)

* Create FUNDING.yml

* Create codeql.yml

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

This repo is a copy and updated version of [edsu/feediverse](https://github.com/edsu/feediverse)

You can always view changes here: https://github.com/edsu/feediverse/compare/master...xopez:better_feediverse:master

## Description

*better_feediverse* will read RSS/Atom feeds and send the messages as Mastodon posts.
It's meant to add a little bit of spice to your timeline from other places.
Please use it responsibly.

## Install

    pip install better_feediverse

## Run

The first time you run *better_feediverse* you'll need to tell it your Mastodon
instance and get an access token which it will save in a configuration file. If
you don't specify a config file it will use `~/.better_feediverse`:

    better_feediverse

Once *better_feediverse* is configured you can add it to your crontab:

    */15 * * * * /usr/local/bin/better_feediverse    

Run `better_feediverse --help` to show the command line options.

## Post Format

You can customize the post format by opening the configuration file (default is
~/.better_feediverse) and updating the *template* property of your feed. The default
format is:

    {title} {url}

If you want you can use `{summary}` in your template, and add boilerplate text
like so:

    Bookmark: {title} {url} {summary}

`{hashtags}` will look for tags in the feed entry and turn them into a space
separated list of hashtags. For some feeds (e.g. youtube-rss) you should use `{link}` instead of `{url}`.

`{content}` is the whole content of the feed entry (with html-tags
stripped). Please be aware that this might easily exceed Mastodon's
limit of 512 characters.

## Multiple Feeds

Since *feeds* is a list you can add additional feeds to watch if you want.

    ...
    feeds:
      - url: https://example.com/feed/
        template: "dot com: {title} {url}"
      - url: https://example.org/feed/
        template: "dot org: {title} {url}"

## Custom Headers *(optional)*

If you want to include own headers you can place `custom_http_headers` in your config:

    ....
    feeds:
      - url: https://example.com/feed/
        template: "dot com: {title} {url}"
        custom_http_headers: 'header1: value1, header2: value2'


## Filter *(optional)*

If you want to exclude some titles you can place ignoretitle in your config:

    ....
    feeds:
      - url: https://example.com/feed/
        template: "dot com: {title} {url}"
        ignoretitle: 'value1, value2'

## Accessing multiple entry links in the template *(experimental)*

If you want to exclude some titles you can place ignoretitle in your config:

    ....
    feeds:
      - url: https://example.com/feed/
        template: "dot com: {title} {links[0].href} {links[1].href}"
